In one of the nicest nurseries in the world and there were beds for three young people
called john napoleon and windy mariah angela and...the
children of mr...darling the nursery was wide in
...a large window when...bright fire with a huge fire garb rounded and
...big clock and pretty
...colored nursery rhyme pictures over the walls.
...in many ways a most interesting household.
For one thing although there was a pretty little
...made...called allies of the children were
...interest by and a dog called
...nana...candle was kept in the nursery on the evening on which our story
begins nana was dozing peacefully by the far side with her
head between her paws mr and mrs darling we're getting ready to go
out to dinner and nana was to be left in sole charge of the children.